Hi. Welcome back In the previous task, we've calculated our
free cash flows to the company.
In this final task, we're going to calculate the enterprise
failure, the Equity Valley and a fair value per share off the
company.
So we'll see.
How much does it actually wars?
So for calculating the MPV.
So what is actually this NPV?
We used to think gold.
Ah, Time Valley off money, which implies that in $100 in the
future, they're worth less then $100 today because of
different factors such as inflation, then just opportunity
cost of putting this $100 in the bank, for example.
So investors will need to return for that.
So that's why the hot the further you go, the less this money
is actually worth back to today on to calculate that we need
discounting rate.
And for this we use the ready to average cost of capital
which will use as the minimum rate which is required by the
stakeholders, be to shareholders or depth holders to get to
return from the company.
So for this, we use the NPV function and first week at the
peace country.
No, Chris, uh huh?
Around, then Just get this Cash flows great.
And this is the enterprise value of the company.
Now, in order to see how much the company is worth, we should
plus the cash and cash equivalents.
So let's get those on a of them under assets.
We have cash and cash equivalents here and adept on.
We have depth here.
So was adept on the liabilities.
We have our long term.
So we have a total depth and we have our grant Barrish ing
Koren abortion off over long term depth.
Now we have short term Dept.
Okay, so this are dark related to depth.
Okay, so get this minus are adept on.
No, we have here how many Shias we have on because this is
all calculated in millions.
As you can see here, I have good goat for you.
How many Shias just be outstanding.
Does BMW have to right now, Andrea?
Market price as off 13th of December, 2019.
So let's just do this on this is the fair value.
Your shear off BMW as if the under 2019 on this is solid.
Based on our assumptions and funding on the DCF model, so
then we can calculate the growth.
Um, what we see basically, is that it will decrease the so,
uh, it is worth less, Stan, that this actually on the market
so we can put a what we can dio Yes.
We can use your recommendation to sell at this price.
Great again.
This is not an investment advice on.
I've just showed it just so that you aren't familiar with the
mechanics off how the DCF model is done.
And now you are equipped with the skills Teoh, After the your
after you have done a thorough research of the company, you
can build this model on dhe si the subjective opinion on the
value off the company shares on with the skills that you've
gained in this course and the course of cultivate the average
cost of capital, you can now, ah, cracks the technical part
off the investment banking and equity research interviews
that are connected to the DCF model.
So thank you.
On stay updated with my future courses.
Thank you for taking this course on.
I'll see you.
Bye.