Welcome back in the previous DOS have calculated our terminal
value and this task we're going Teoh finally calculate
the free cash flows to the company.
So let's go back to the formula.
A free cash flows close to Abbott, multiplied
by one minus tax rates so much but our tax shield.
We already know this concept from the with the average cost
of capital.
And then we add the depreciation and amortization we
minus the net Capex and we minus thing Christian working
capital.
This fellow's should be positive.
So when they're negative, we should sleep the signs on dhe
when it's not just, ah when it's a change in working
capital, So this is basically decrease in pork in capital.
We should minus this degrees in order to add it back.
So we just flip the sign basically two times.
Let's do that.
Abbott multiplied by one minus or taxes.
Um, this is our tax shield, and we add back the appreciation
and then because this is already negative this hour net
capital expenditure.
We should minus the net capital expenditure.
But because it's a cash flow, it's already negative.
So where when we lost this, this is substrate did and then
by minus our decrease in a working capital because this is
in a negative.
And then when we minus when we do a double minus than it's
a plus, I hope the mechanics is queer here.
If it would have seen an increase and it would have been
positive, then we've also minus did just to, um, to get rid
off this effect off, um, changes in the working capital.
So why would do this?
Why way Plus the why do we add back the depreciation
and amortization and minus signet cutbacks
at minus the change of working capital?
Why is this done?
Well, this is in order to get the we start from the Abbott
and then we at this back, and we reverse the changes that the
that the basically the cruel accounting system does.
Ah, we go back to a cash based accounting system, So then
we get our cash flows and no, just the book values
that we have on our company.
But the rial money that we get and we need that for valuation
them. We just right here on dhe.
Yeah, we have our free cash flows through the company
concrete on, then what we will do then, as will calculate
the NPV.
Both our free cash flows and for things will need
the weighted average cost of capital for a discovery.
So let's talk about the weighted average cost of capital
a little bit.
This was already chord in one of my ah guided projects,
but just adore a fresher, weighted average cost of capital is
basically a minimum threshold.
Return for both the equity and depth investors on dhe.
How we calculated ISS.
We just take the weight, the relative weight off, the
the cost of equity and the relative weight of the cost
of tapped.
And how each of this is calculated as for the cost of depth.
While you either take the depth payments from your balance
sheet, or you can just take the Pontes off the relative
company, look at their coupon and then you multiplied
by the tax shield for the cost of fact.
But it's a little bit more complicated what you dio
as you have, ah, risk free rate on dhe.
This is a basic, uh, cost that you should account for,
and then you look at the risk equity risk premium.
So risk a rate we've taken the yearly risk free rate
in Germany in 2019 and for market risk premium, you already
have it.
Also, you can google it and then you calculate the better.
So we've calculated an introduction to valuation with weight
average cost of capital course.
So throughout several ways to calculate the better.
Ah, the best.
The most accurate way that we have done in the previous
course as we get the cove Arians.
So resist there Bavarians off Ah, the company's returns.
So BMW recurrence on the index recurrence.
This was tax.
So we just take this to erase and then he divided by variants
off the improbable Richards.
And then you get the Peter and this was the better
that we felt weighted.
So this better basically what it means, IHS how much
the company is the company's returns.
I'm like, impacted by the change in the market conditions.
So the market goes down.
The basically 0.5 better means that it will only go down
by half if it on so you don't is the risk.
Here is last time the risk off the whole market, the higher
the better the higher the risk and basically the higher you
can get the potential return.
It is how much the company is impacted by the vary abilities
of the market.
This is a systematic risk and not an unsystematic one.
And these concepts Authority office also covered
in the previous course.
So the other way to calculate the better ISS to Google
the respective better in that industry on you get this
better, but it has a different depth to equity ratio.
So what you do is that you unlived with the better you
so you clean the better that you've Googled from this Ah,
leveraging effects from the step to equity ratio.
So you assume that it's all equity and you remove the depth
on dhe, then you at the depth that you have for your company.
So basically, you calibrate the better the average better
for your company.
But again, the best way is just to get the returns
off the company stocks.
If it's publicly released it, it's perfectly, um, it is
the perfect way to do that.
You get the returns off this company and for the market.
So for this for BMW, it's the tax index and then
it calculated.
So they say, Spot, we will use as a discount great.
Here on in the next DOS sprayer, Going to finally calculate
how much the BMW shares worth again again, um, according
to our assumptions.
Great. Thank you.
And see you in the next mosque.