Hi and welcome back in the previous DOS HQ were transposed a
one historical financials to the mortal.
This task we're going Teoh five year forecast.
So let's start with our assumptions.
So our assumptions is that the growth in the next five years
we'll be consistent on it will be the average growth
for those years on our depreciation amortization as well
as not net capital expenditure on change in the walk
in capital will be consistently average.
It's a fairly decent assumptions, given that we have not done
any analysis off the fundamental analysis off the company
prior to buildings immortal whatsoever.
So we'll use that.
But in riel analysis, when you're trying to Valley Company
Police, go search for the drivers to find the intrinsic value
of search for the drivers, look why the company
will be growing or why will it be decreasing on?
Use this as the drivers, but now we're going just to be able
to conservative model.
So what will be our revenue in 2020?
Well, that will be our 2009 teeth revenue multiplied
by revenue growth.
Right? So it is the growth on this is our revenue for 2020.
Now let's get to support 2021 they will be the growth
for 2020 Multiplied boy average growth.
Uh, we should fix this one so that this is consistent
with formal.
It's consistent.
Now we just basement deal 2024.
Great. Now what?
Do basically the scene for the operating expenses growth.
Take the 2019th expenses.
Aunt, where commit, could grow on.
Let's do the same here.
Big this multiply by both.
On dhe, you see an hour conservative assumptions.
The operating expenses grow faster than I'll revenue.
This may not be the case if you do the fundamental analysis
prior to building a model.
I know your assumptions gained this model.
The value that we will get at the and it will it will be
highly subjective on it should not be used for your as a
as an investment decision.
If you want to dive deeper, you go.
You google the company on you.
Just search for your drivers that you'll think will be good.
So now let's calculate the Abbott and the Abbott is just
lower revenue minus oh operating expenses and the tax rate
Let's just keep our average ducks rate.
Uh huh.
Skakel.
It's the average here, but we want to just I just want to fix
our average decks rate.
Well, let's just to this and we'll use or he never sticks.
Right Does the same for depreciation and amortization me here.
You think you're But we assume that nothing has changed
on the business has grown, but the appreciation amortization
the capital expenditure and changed the working capital.
They're all consistent.
This will not be the case if you really dio fundamental
analysis prior to the building the model properly.
But this is again just to show you the Mannix off the DCF
model. Get great.
We have now for gusted our financials to his Ah, five years
on dhe in the next OSK.
What we're going to do is that we're going to calculate our X
multiple on.
We'll talk about what?
This is so cool.
Quit our terminal value.
The cash flows that will get at the end.
Okay, So thank you, Aunt Elsie here in the next dusk.