I welcome back and this task we're going to first talk
about the company we are analyzing on.
Then we'll see the financials off this company on.
Transpose them here on talk about some assumptions that
will have to value the company so many of you would already
be familiar with the company.
That's BMW.
We have looked at this company on two off our another project
based courses, the one about the ray cious analysis
on the performance.
Nellis on the other one on the introduction to Valuation Ways.
W with the weighted average cost of capital on So we have
here the income statement off BMW.
Now we have balance sheet and occasional statement, and those
are for the years of 16 2004 to 2019.
Ideally, in order to do that, um, discount occasional
modeling key would have five or more years.
But this will also work just to show you how the discounted
cash more modeling works just to shoulder mechanics.
So let's start with transposing our financials here on Let's
start with the tux rate, as we've already done it
in the previous course here in the introduction
to valuation, so but just to talk about how this is derived.
Ah, we just go here on dhe.
We have here all war taxes.
Just a moment.
Yeah. Here.
So this is our taxes.
And then we just divided by our net income before taxes.
We can just know blanket here very well.
Now, listening the revenue and don't look breeding expenses
as well.
We're having these here on total operating expenses.
We're here, and then Abbot Wiccan is a link it
to the financials or with just dick revenue and substrate
them total operating expenses.
And here we have our abbot and then revenue growth
and expenses growth.
So why we needed as because this will be our main assumptions
for the growth of the company.
Ideally, you do a research briar off building cure TCF mortal
on. Look at the drivers that first your company's
productivity on dr your assumptions.
So you will know why the company will grow in the future
on by which rate.
So you will tie that to the financials.
But here we're just exploring the DCF mortal mechanics.
So they were not striving to the most accurate analysis where
it just trying to understand how it works, so revenue growth.
Take the 2017th year divide by 2/3.
16th year to the privacy year on this one.
That's how we get the great get in here with expenses growth
during the 2017th year divide by 2016th year minus one.
Okay, so now let's find the average.
But we'll use the average girls, the remaining assumption
and you know what we have for gotten.
We should also do the average for our appreciation
and amortization, and we should do the average tax rate.
So just let's form it this and here.
Lips. Okay, so let's just look at this formula for a moment.
So we're at them depreciates.
So we have our abbot.
We have our ducks rate, and we have part appreciate eso,
depreciation and amortization and Capex and working capital.
That's what we should pour gone.
So the signs here they assumed that your values are positive.
What? What do we have here in our cash flow statement as
the sore sometimes negative.
So we'll flip the sign so you should lose your just your
logic here as well.
So is that with depreciation and amortization around, we have
a depreciation here.
Uh, we have your zeros, but just let's at the amortization as
well, in case we want to change something here to make it our
model dynamic.
And now let's work on net capital expenditure.
When our KPIX here we have our capital expenditure
and because it is a outflow from the company, this is
negative.
So we should not minus the negative because it will be
positive.
We should plus the negative.
So because this is already negative here and then Ah, we
should have We should minus increasing working capital.
But if it is ah, a decrease, We should actually flip the sign.
So, um, if we had a decrease in working capital Oh, we
should add it back.
So he would have are changed in working capital.
And this are negative.
So we're actually having a decrease in working capital
instead of increase.
So what we do, we flip the sign and we plus it.
So if we minus the minus, that will be the plus.
And that is what we need because we want to reverse
the change.
We want to reverse this.
The change in working capital.
We want to add it back in order to derive to the cash flows.
So let's find the average.
And they were sure this run can just do this on on our
1,000,000 tax rate.
Okay, so we're done with our historic financials bond.
In the next dusk, we're going to start with four gusting
our, um our financials in the future and next wife years.
Thank you.
I'll see you in the next tusk.