Hello, everyone, and welcome to this project on discounted
cash flow modelling my name's Bekhruzbek Ochilov
and a work in investment banking and equity research.
As an analyst, I'm also the associate member
of the Chartered Institute for Securities and Investment.
Most of the skills that help me break into this field I got
from from Coursera.
That's why I'm sure that my experience in capital markets
will be beneficial to you so that you'll grasp some skills
that help me start my career and still help every day.
This course, this is the part that counted cash flow
modelling.
It will be beneficial for everyone who is interested
in investment banking or equity research on dhe, I hope on.
I'm sure that the knowledge that you will gain in this course
will be sufficient to crack the technical side
off the investment banking, equity research or private equity
interviews.
Um, after the college, after taking this course, you will be
able to build a discounted cash flow model on dhe.
Those derive the fear price off the shears off a company
on this value a company.
In order to start the course, you should already know how
to calculate the weighted average cost of capital on dhe.
Be familiar with capital asset pricing model.
If you do not know how to calculate the weighted average cost
of capital, I strongly recommend to you to take my previous
guided project but just called introduction Teoh
in introduction to valuation with doubly a sissy with waited
average cost of capital.
Or you can go to the Internet on dhe.
Learn about weighted average cost of capital yourself.
It's a big topic on will not cover it in this project.
So let me show you what we'll do in the course.
So this is the black and we already have it calculated will
already have it calculated on dhe.
This is our mortal on dhe.
As a purposed take the historical financials here on we do
a forecast, but do five year forecast.
We did to mind what our E V and to EBITA multiple should pay
on dhe.
This would derive to the exit value.
We take this, we sum this up, aunt, get the, um, free cash
flows. I'm Stan.
We discount them all back to the present to right
the President Valley of the free cash flows.
That's the enterprise value.
Then from it, we'd would get the Equity Valley and we divided
by the number of Shias on dhe.
We'll see how maney on BC, the fail Valya for sheer and then
we compare to the market price to see if the companies, uh,
under valid or if it's over valid.
So as you see, by the end of this course, you will be able
to tell if it is worth investing in a company or not.
Of course, this will be highly subjective on the results
off your valuation will be will be solely dependent on your
assumptions on you have to work on these assumptions on your
own. So I'm first when we start this before we even start DCF
modeling.
Ah, we research about the company and research what it does
in order to deter mined our assumptions that will try
the valuation off the company in the future.
What will impact the revenue growth?
What will impact the expenses grows.
So if a company has any projects ah, planned in the future
that it will invest in on expanding its operations.
So this will be highly subjective on that is why, um when you
when you see more or less similar maker methodologies.
Uh, but you still see a very wide range off allegations
off big companies like Apple.
And you see, um, Tesla.
And then you see some analysts giving a strong buy
recommendation, some giving by recommendation, some giving
hold recommendation and others giving sell or strong sell
recommendations.
So this will be highly subjective on dhe issued to prior
research before May think you're for models,
but in this apple, I will teach you how to actually build
immortal on the fundamental research will be on your own.
So stay with me, aunt.
In the next OSK, we'll start with with our model with getting
the historical financials.
So what you could do now at this you go to Google's kits
on you just so by going Teoh shits full stop, Google
will stop.
Come and then Hey, looking on Ready?
You old you open a file that's in your desktop.
So it's called DCF modeling on DDE.
This is the file will be working on.
So just a quick look here.
So we have a formula here that will be the main formula
will be working on on in the great.
You see what will fill up and Teoh get our evaluation on some
we have in blue some assumptions that I will tell you
about later aunt again about the weighted average cost
of capital.
Ah, well, do it quick refresher.
But ideally, what you can do if you're don't know
I don't know what the average cost of capital is.
Let's go to core Sarah, on dhe.
I strongly recommend you taking the introduction to valuation
with vary weighted average cost of capital were is
a fundamental this course on, um, a strong record taking it
for this project.
So thank you.
On. I'll see you in the next school where we'll start with,
Ah, with transferring our financials here.